1.What excites or interests you about coding? What did you learn this week?
=>What excites me most about coding is the ability to bring ideas to life , creativity and problem solving through continuous learning.
 I love the creative and analytical aspects of programming, as I get satisfied when I see my code working seamlessly.
As I am trying my best to engage myself more into coding and learning new ways and technology. This week I learned about authenticatioin
using session and jwt in node js. I also developed a url shortner project from those learnings.

2.What is a recent technical challenge you experienced and how did you solve it?
A recent technical challenge I experienced is just lately while coding for this assignment when I tried to validate checkbox value.
Problem:-
While validating form data on the server-side using Express and Node, I encountered an issue with validating checkboxes. 
Specifically, I had trouble checking the length of the checkbox values because they had multiple names and the values parsed when
the checkbox was empty was undefined and I had to give error only when all the values were undefined.

Solution:-
To address this challenge, I first parsed the checkbox values and stored them in an array called "hobbies". I then passed this
 array to a self-defined function called "hobbyValidation" that was used for validation. Within the "hobbyValidation" function, 
 I used a forEach loop to iterate through the hobbies array and set a variable "i" to 0, incrementing it for every iteration.
  After the loop, I checked if the value of "i" was 0. If so, I updated the error message. This
 approach allowed me to successfully validate the checkbox values and ensure that the appropriate error messages were displayed
 with the help of ejs.


3.Talk about your preferred development environment (tools and technologies you prefer using) or a cool project that you've recently worked on (if any).
As I am a learner and learning backend technologies, I prefer using tools and technologies such as :-
- Node.js for backend along with express.js framework,
- MongoDB,MySql for database,
- html,css,tailwind.css,bootstrap,Js for frontend development,
-RESTful APIs,
-Git and Github for version control
-VsCode as IDE

Recently I worked on my own small project for shortening given url and storing it to the database along with user authentication using
jwt method.

4.What is your general expectation from this internship program?
To be a backend developer and have a competent programming skills along with high problem solving mindset 
and be able to make a meaningful contribution to the company. I also expect to gain valuable experience and make a positive impact 
during my internship program, while also building connections and learning from experienced professionals.


5.What mediums do you prefer to learn programming?
I usually prefer learnig programming  through one on one consulting, interactive video tutorials with coding excersises 
and solving logical programming questions.